Security machine learning rule documentation improvements (#2240)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/detect-and-alert/create-detection-rule.md

* The appropriate [{{stack}} subscription](https://www.elastic.co/pricing) or [{{serverless-short}} project tier](../../../deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/project-settings.md).
* The [`machine_learning_admin`](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/built-in-roles.md) in {{stack}} or the appropriate [user role](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/user-roles.md) in {{serverless-short}}.
* The selected {{ml}} job to be running for the rule to function correctly.
::::

::::{tip}

> For an overview of using machine learning with security, see [Anomaly detection](/solutions/security/advanced-entity-analytics/anomaly-detection.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of using {{ml}} with {{elastic-sec}}, refer to [Anomaly detection](/solutions/security/advanced-entity-analytics/anomaly-detection.md).
```

5. Click **Continue** to [configure basic rule settings](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/create-detection-rule.md#rule-ui-basic-params).

::::{tip}

> To filter noisy machine learning rules, use [Rule exceptions](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/rule-exceptions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To filter noisy {{ml}} rules, use [rule exceptions](/solutions/security/detect-and-alert/rule-exceptions.md).
```
